Did I hear a youp?
Please tell me I heard a youp.
From Hollywood, California.
Seltdown Comics Harvest Town.
And now, look at that.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown.
Mr. Dan Harmon.
And I can't be but you.
Thank you.
Don't know how to smile.
So there is a neighbor on my block who has a beautiful like varnished wood enclosure for their garbage cans with like little special locks on it.
And it's like all like beautifully like it's like this beautiful wood thing.
And I get a bad feeling about that.
I feel like you're probably a bad person.
Like I don't know.
Something tells me you're a bad person.
And this is where he keeps his garbage containers before he allows them to be put out in the street.
No, no, no.
This is when they're on the well like off the just off the curb.
There's this big like garbage can hutch.
You know, some people do this.
Like I don't, you know, and so I walk past it and I go, you know, maybe he maybe his big fear is homeless people benefiting.
I don't know.
Or raccoons or something.
Or Aaron who can see the brighter side of some things.
Like I was walking past it with her and I said something shitty about it.
And she says like, well, maybe the dad of that family like loves his kids and wanted to show him like woodworking or something.
It's always everything Aaron says to me is always like a subtle bar about how much Minecraft I'm playing.
I don't even know if she thinks about it.
Those donuts look good.
Yeah, they look real.
They're not made of pixels.
They're probably great.
She doesn't even know she's doing it anymore.
But anyway, so and I was chasing by that.
I was like, you know what?
She's right.
Why am I so toxic?
Who knows what the backstory is?
This could be this could be that could be a cancer bin like like a cancer project of some kind.
If someone could have cancer and they made it for out of their cancer.
I don't know.
No idea.
There could be a movie about it was starring Will Smith called like three garbage cans.
You know, the tagline is like there's a there's a bin for your recycling.
There's a bin for your compost.
There's no bin for where you go when when you got no hope.
Do you have a working title for that movie?
That's three.
It's three bins.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
It's so so.
But I haven't told Aaron this yet.
I am right and she is wrong because I was walking past it again today.
So here's the wooden enclosure with the bins in it.
So and then like the whole thing is like,
Hang on, describe this for me is that it's the whole thing closed off to the street or is it open that a trash truck can come in with a little robotic arm?
Okay, so their relationship with the city.
I don't know how this works because I don't know if the person like goes out there at the beginning of the day with like a key and like have at it fellas.
I have no idea.
Do they do they take them out on trash day?
Let's assume that let's assume this is a pretty orderly person.
I'm not. It would be ridiculous to put that much effort and aesthetic like appeal into something that was that was also just an obstruction like a civic disobedience.
That's the case.
That might just be an aesthetic thing where they don't want their facade of their home to be sullied by.
Like I've already given this person the benefit of the doubt.
They might have cancer.
Yes, obviously they thought it looked good.
If only there was a way to find out if they were a douchebag.
If only there was some other dot that where you could draw a line.
We learn in geometry that a single point in space could be the center of anything but it's not until there's another dot there that you can go douchebag.
What is three feet from their wooden garbage cubby in their sea of zen gravel that is different from everyone else who just has Los Angeles distributed grass?
A little, this is where I wish in the future we'll have, I could be like Johnny Carson, I could throw up a feed.
I took a photo but we'd be excluding you guys and only including these assholes who pay money for feed.
But they pay twice as much as you do each week, you guys pay $5 a month.
Can we not put a photo in after we're done tonight and put this in for us?
I'll try to remember to put it on my Instagram or something but I'm just going to describe it to you.
So it's like this little decoration, it's a little two-dimensional decoration that was store bought.
Like it's plastic and it's an image about this big, I'm holding up my hands, it's eight inches, at least I hope.
I hope that's what eight inches is.
Tired of worrying about it.
I don't know if my first hand is at the base or at the taint but it's fucking about eight inches.
I can't stand it anymore, I'm 42, I give up.
What was your ideal penis length be if I was a genie in a line?
This is not the time for that.
Eight inches, everyone says eight inches, I don't know what eight inches is, I don't know what that means.
I don't know if mine's four inches, I don't know if it's two, I don't know if it's...
I know it's not ten.
Okay, so back to the story.
So it's this small little plastic, two-dimensional, it's just a flat thing, it's not a sculpture, it's like a plastic, almost like a day glow plastic.
Like if it was nighttime you might imagine that it would glow in the dark.
I probably wouldn't but I'm saying imagine that kind of plastic, something glow in the dark frisbee would be made out of.
So it's just cheap plastic but bought in some store and it's an outline of a dog squatting to poop.
And underneath the dog squatting and it's got a little post so you can stick it somewhere.
So this was made by some asshole and put on a rack for assholes at an asshole store.
And this asshole bought it and it's designed to do this, to stick in an area.
And so it's a dog pooping and underneath the dog it says, no!
Translation, yes, the city of Los Angeles has seen fit to gather together and implement leash laws and doggy-do laws.
So what's good for the goose is not good for the gander.
My area outside my home is so fucking special that in spite of the fact that you have to walk around with a pile of plastic bags
and that if you don't have your dog on a leash the police can come and yell at you and give you a ticket.
We have seen to this as a state and city of animal lovers.
But in spite of all of that, this person would like you, if your dog decides to start relieving itself near their beautiful home,
you just yank that little fucker down to the next fuckface's house and let him shit in the inferior person's lawn.
Because they don't want shit ever touching their zen gravel.
No! Not here!
Because there's not signs everywhere.
We don't live in a world where there's no laws so you have to put a sign if you don't.
Oh, I'm sorry, do you not like dog shit? We love it! We love it! We all love dog shit!
So we love dog shit?
I love dog shit is what you're saying to me.
By exclusion, I have a sign over my head with a dog shitting on it that says yes!
I love dog shit!
It's your special because your garbage is in a fucking log cabin.
You can't wait to get enough money to get in a helicopter and get the fuck away from who!
You're gonna live with giraffes? They shit everywhere!
You live in King's Landing! This is as sophisticated as it gets, motherfucker!
Your garbage is on the curb! There's dog poop everywhere!
For the five seconds before the owner is legally compelled to scoop it up into a fucking hot bag
and put it into their silk line pocket.
Jerry Brackheimer has to clean up as his assistant probably does.
We are conscientious about this.
Can we ask our very talented and creative Harmontown audience to make you an equal plastic sign
where a picture of you and Aaron with a dog pooping into your mouth and says yes!
I just want to make one that says maybe!
You never know!
Because the alternative is I'm gonna scar my dog's memory.
Dogs only do three things.
We just finished successfully Aaron, just successfully potting training our new grief dog.
It's a really hard process and you're so excited the day your dog,
this little puppy goes out the doggy door and he goes, you watch him and he's like,
there he goes, there he goes, it's a big boy!
He knows to make it outside.
The idea that I'd be taking a walk with my dog and he would stop in that forbidden zone
and that I would be like, well, that this person would have me feel bad that my dog chose there
instead of eight feet away.
What a bad person.
They made that garbage hutch for bad reasons.
They probably, I'll tell you, now I'm comfortable saying because of that little dog sign,
the reason for the garbage hutch is because they see the skexie that come and pick through the garbage.
They don't like those people.
What's that guy doing down there?
That guy's trying not to panhandle.
That guy's picking through your shit and pulling out aluminum cans from,
and they're like, I don't know, what's he doing down there?
Let's build a force field around our garbage!
Protect the garbage!
They're going to get the garbage!
I told you, remember my neighbor?
We called him Ethnics because he actually turned out to be kind of a fun guy.
It was Ethnics with an X at the end.
We decided it was Ethnics.
I'm sure I've told this story, but he would...
We haven't talked about Ethnics in a good long time.
I had a light bulb outside my apartment door and it was always off.
I was like, what the fuck's with the light bulb?
I unscrew it at night because when the light is on, the children next door play.
I'm not making that up.
He said, when the light is on, the children play.
I like to steal the sunlight.
Because sunlight brings the children joy.
He was called Ethnics because he referred to the people that weren't white in the neighborhood as the Ethnics.
But he was kind of Ethnic himself, no?
He was certainly like...
He had some swath to it.
If whiteness was his idol, he was a naughty boy.
That brings the racist out in me.
When racist people are proud of their race, I'm like, well, you know.
Okay.
Alright, buddy.
Anyways, I was trying to turn on my thing.
I got really fired up about that.
All I wrote was a doggie nose sign.
I didn't know it was that mad.
I would love to go, and I also hate to go, inside their home because you know there would be lots of rules.
Man.
There would be lots of post-it notes for the housekeeper and stuff like that.
Have you been to passiveaggressivenotes.com?
Is that still a thing, passiveaggressivenotes?
I like the sound of it.
It's a total rabbit hole.
Because it's just...
Every time at the office or an apartment building, people that leave...
I've been one of these people, I think we all have as part of the appeal of it.
This grody part of you that at one time in your life, at some point you've left a weird long note to strangers.
Or a roommate.
And you're just in a weird time in your life where you haven't learned shame yet, are you?
Sometimes you just see these notes.
When you remove the clothes from the dryer, make sure the lint trap is clean, and we don't have your lint getting into our lint.
It's just like this diatribe?
And it's just so much intensity.
I got a note on my car one time.
It wasn't my best parking job of all time, but it was the best I could do.
I'm a firm believer that I'll get out of my car and look, and if I can use less space, I'll back it up to the very edge of the curb.
I use all the space I can.
One time I did, and I got a note that was clearly a copy.
This person had a stack of those notes.
It was a form letter to a gentleman or a madam.
That person just goes around doing that.
And I kind of dig it.
I want better parking.
I want people to use the space, but also don't have a fucking glove box full of...
The idea that what's standing between you and happiness is other people is something that all of the assholes that never have to interact with you because they paid enough money to not have to,
they're laughing all the way to the bank.
Well, you and I are sitting there going like,
um, could you please put your glove shoe where the right shoe goes because otherwise the thing won't go across the divider and it's very irritating.
I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
They've got us trained to police ourselves.
I have a guy, I don't know where he lives.
I do know that about two years ago, maybe more, I just kept hearing, it's strange hours of the night and the day,
distant clarinet noodling.
I thought, okay, somebody's got a clarinet.
They're learning.
Maybe there's a kid taking clarinet lessons.
But it was kind of chlesmary, like kind of fiddler on the roofie.
And you could never fucking figure it out.
And then you could hear it moving.
Okay, somebody's walking the streets.
It's fucking 3 a.m.
I would turn all the lights out and look, but there's not enough street light on my street.
And I would see a figure, like a Sasquatch going by.
And I could see a huddled, like just a silhouette going by.
So now what he's done, he's taken up in a red SUV and he parks on my street every three days,
which I take to mean he has other streets he goes to.
He's scattering that out and spreading it out.
And I've always heard it and like just all of a sudden there'd be a...
And he parks right behind my office window at my place.
And I heard a jogger come to the street and go,
here bro, play clarinet a little.
There was some guy who went to his window.
A jogger came to his window.
He just sits in the car and I think my guess is he has a wife or a roommate or something like that.
He's an older guy with gray hair.
Also the clarinet has awesome, like Stephen Tyler ribbons hanging off it.
Wait, now he's not a silhouette.
No, no, no, I've caught him in the daylight.
I've seen him in the daylight.
But I tried to get the phone out and get footage, but he just evaporates.
He's a mystical being.
And now he sits across the street from my place and I can see him from my window,
but there's just enough reflection off the glass today.
I can't get an image of him.
What if it turned out to be old you?
What if you took a picture and it was like there was a reflection
and you took it to a detective and he's like,
enhance, enhance, enhance.
And it was like fucking you with like long gray hair.
And the clarinet had like futuristic, like microchips on it or something.
He's certainly that mythological.
So I have these new neighbors.
They're from England.
She's like, do you frequently hear clarinet playing or am I going mad?
I'm like, no, like look across the street in the red SUV.
It's so good.
I don't want him to go away, but there's a jogger came up and completely just gave him shit.
I think he lives nearby.
I think he's pretending.
This guy was like a jockey kind of guy.
I think he pretended to go jogging.
I think he lives right there.
And then like went way around and jogged up to him.
I live way across town, but weird playing clarinet all the time.
I wanted to go shoot that guy.
Yeah.
I lived in my first one bedroom apartment in Hollywood.
The guy right next to me was like, I'm not exaggerating.
He was morbidly obese like by the legal definitions because you would have like, there was a van that would come pick him up whenever I had to go eat.
Or teach physics.
I don't want to get all PJ O'Rourke about it.
I'm not going to assume he was on the dole.
But it seemed to me because for a year I listened to him and he was an amazing voice.
He was like an opera singer.
And every once in a while he'd have somebody over that would obviously have fallen for some kind of singing lesson thing.
So he was like teaching people to sing.
He was an amazing voice.
He would sing opera at the top of his lungs.
And I was like, oh, this is like a Robert Altman film.
There's an opera singer next door to me.
I would tune it out and every once in a while he would yell at the handicapped van because they were late.
He had this rage-a-haulism thing.
He was not a perfect guy to live next door.
But at least let's say a year went by that I lived in that place.
I was like, oh, that guy does that.
He was singing like South Pacific and stuff.
He'd just hear weird snatches of South Pacific or West Side Story or something.
A really good voice. I think it might have been different if he wasn't like a good singer.
And then one day just like from upstairs in the six-unit building and just like after like 20 minutes of him.
After a year of this and then like all of a sudden upstairs you just hear, all right?
Shut up, you fat bastard!
It was like it was a Scottish guy which distracts you because it's the Mike Myers reference.
But I remember the guys on the fat bastard and he had a Scottish accent and lived upstairs.
And then the guy just immediately went silent and I never heard him again.
And I was like, yeah.
It was like, well, he is a fat bastard and I guess he's, but like, so here's my, I just want to say this about that.
So like, okay, so like, you live in an apartment building.
It's like, guess what? You live with other people.
They clomp, clomp, clomp on the Tuesday night she does this and the Wednesday night he vacuums.
And this guy is a serial killer or this guy sniffs your laundry.
It's like, it's called living with other people.
It's like, it's a thing that they have done to us as part of a class system.
When you're poor you share property with other people that you don't even own.
So what would be a really dangerous thing to happen in that case is everybody getting along.
But they call them apartments.
Think about it.
And everyone just sits there for 30 years of their life going, like trying to act like their goal is to turn their life into like, like Hugh Hefner's life.
Even though they're still living in a fucking building that they share with a bunch of poor people.
It's like, because we're so trained to hate each other for being poor.
So we go like, what do you do?
You know, when you put your chalk up bars on the thing or something like this is your neighbor.
This is like your closer person than your family.
Like you, like buy a house motherfucker.
Like, which is what we all want to do.
We all can't wait to like get behind some big gate with a heart to heart logo on it and just like sit up there and fucking like.
And that's when you go insane and you end up like abducting women and keeping them prisoner and like.
Building cedar enclosures for your trash cans.
The truth is that this is life.
I mean the guy that's stomping above you, that's it.
This is as much, that's it.
This is your family. This is your life.
All right.
But I'm not saying you have to love it.
I'm just saying like by the time you don't have it anymore, you're going to be powerless against it.
You're going to be powerless against anything that actually makes you unhappy, which is the fucking landlord who's collecting your rent.
He lives by himself.
All right.
I just wanted to make one point.
This is the special get off my lawn episode of Harmontown.
Aaron and I were talking about dicks on the way over here and because there's a guy in England who's drawing dicks next to potholes.
And then they're calling him wanksy because and then.
But then the potholes get filled because in England, like, I guess, like a penis on the street is like, they're like, oh, they fill up the pothole.
So like in England that works.
I don't know if it will work in LA, but and I was saying like, well, in LA, you'd probably have to at least, at least it would have to be like a swastika made of dicks.
Or vice versa.
And Aaron said, why don't you ever see a swastika made of dicks?
And I said, I guess because you're usually in two different moods when it really, they really are far removed.
It's like the doodling and this, you know, anything's a dick.
And then there's that urge to, you know, like assemble the Rhineland and conquer all of humanity.
You're just never in the same mood at the same time.
Hitler wasn't like, I love dicks.
I'm almost certain if you Google right now swastika made of dicks or dicks made of swastikas or whatever, there's images of that.
Or just dick swastika.
Yes, of course.
There'll be like 500 of them.
It was just, I just thought we were both very funny in the car right over here.
That's all.
All right.
So is our friend here?
Did he ever pop by?
Do you have any of our friends here?
Well, Curtis said he was coming tonight is why I'm asking.
Okay.
Do we have Curtis in the house?
No, Curtis.
Sorry, everybody.
He usually pops by around nine.
All right.
Delights deferred.
Okay.
Well, I'm wearing my colors for my wife's basketball team tonight.
The Lee says, which is designed by where is Oh, Hannah is not the she's usually she's in the front row.
Hannah, Hannah Nance are longtime Armenian and brilliant graphic designer design these shirts.
And she's also doing the illustration for Emily Gordon's book.
So I'm just putting a string around my finger.
We should have Emily Gordon on the show.
We should.
We are wasting like somebody that should have been on the show a long time ago.
I think she'd be fast.
I think she's almost a victim of like how close she is to the because it was literally her idea for me to do the podcast.
Like, like she she suggested it.
It's like so whenever I see her in the email, she's always just going like, do you have any names for the guest list that I just like think of?
But I'm never thinking like, Oh, Emily Gordon would be an amazing.
Why don't we just say next week?
Let's have her on.
We're going to be in Portland, right?
I think next week we're in Portland.
Maybe she will be too.
We'll see.
Well, Steve Levy, are you here?
Put it on.
Put Emily Gordon on your list.
Put put Andy kindler on your list.
PJ or work.
I'm going to start doing like a regular podcast having Steve Levy.
Andy kindler.
I fucking love and Andy kindler is a funny.
Who knows Andy kindler.
Holy fuck.
I I've one of the funniest days of my life because that guy's so bloody fucking funny.
I said he for some reason he likes the Lakers or used to.
I sat next to him at his girlfriend's apartment up in the valley like many, many years ago.
And he what I watched him watch a Laker game and it was the funniest thing I've ever seen
in my life because he's a stand up comic who's just giving the Lakers shit.
He's tremendously funny.
He's a he's a he's a he's a he's an LA treasure as funnier than any.
And if you see him do stand up, he's like he's I saw him do show in time.
He was going to what's the aspen work.
The big thing there were the comics going like I guess was aspen, right?
In the old days when there was a thing called a holding deals and development deals for actors.
That's all gone away unless you're like Steve Buscemi or bigger.
Like they used to give like up and coming comics, you know, $500,000 to go.
Don't go to ABC.
You you work for CBS and we're going to put you on a show.
And if we don't, you still get half a million dollars.
So the big back when every comic was getting shows like your Ray Romano's and Drew Carey's and stuff like that.
And then way after that, there was he was doing a show at Igby's, which is a comedy club.
I think that's gone now on the west side.
And they told him, do your set.
Do not riff.
Do not go off script.
Just it's all the top brass, all the big companies and networks are going to be at your show.
And you're going to go to ask me just do your thing.
And he made a reference that someone goes like, what's that?
Someone just yelled out what like didn't get the reference.
And he never got back to his material and absolutely crucified the entire audience.
Because they were west side tight asses and didn't fucking dig it and right wing and he fucking just laid it on him.
And then he goes like, forget momentum.
Forget my forget forward progress.
Madam, anytime you don't understand anything I say, please or anybody just just just just just pipe in and ask me what that means.
I'd hate to see you at a Dennis Miller concert.
And then he did 40 minutes on he hates Dennis Miller.
And the crowd was it was abject silence, except for the seven comics in the back of the room.
We're losing our minds.
I mean, he's really, you know, you hear the phrase comics, comic.
I mean, he really is like, like, like for somehow I don't know if you'd be offended by by me saying this.
He jokes about it all the time.
But like, like, I think it's notable about his career that I put heavy air quotes around the word success.
Very heavy air quotes, because that's the point of his existence that's proven out is like, but you would say at a glance, success eludes him.
Like, like, like as in he hasn't had a shitty sitcom yet.
He hasn't he hasn't like he hasn't embarrassed himself grappling for an attempt to be one of those household names.
He just I don't know if it's because of that's why I want to talk to him.
I don't know if that's if that's his own choice.
I don't know if he's if he sabotages himself.
I don't know if unconsciously that's nobility or if there's or if it's just happy coincidence that he's I don't know if he's like if it never if that opportunity never comes to him.
If Andy had his way, he would be, you know, on TV and in movies get like guaranteed.
But like, like, he's just he's so funny.
He would do a thing about the just for laughs of Montreal, where he would do a giant giant show called the State of the Industry Address.
And he would just talk about what's being picked up and what's not.
And it's fucking.
I just I think there's always this interest.
I'm always talking about like, I hate this like institutionalized comedy console, but comedy is very popular now.
So it's like, and I'm sorry, I'm going to slit my own throat by saying sometimes when I see ads for Jimmy Fallon with a with a with a with a politician is going to come out and play tug of war with him.
Like, I'm just like, this isn't this isn't comedy's role in the world.
This is not what we're supposed to be doing.
How do I even know what we're doing is funny anymore.
If the idea is hosted by people such as Andy kindler and Jeremy Kramer and Greg Proops and comedy should always be separate from from success.
It should always be separate from politics.
It should always be profane.
It should always be the other thing that should because otherwise you cannot guarantee that it's funny and you that as funny as it could be.
And you cannot like it's I don't know.
It's like I'm always like ranting about this behind closed doors.
I feel like it's actually like career suicide for me to like, you know, I can't I can't even fully like talk about it because I would say so much shit that it would just people already don't like me.
But I just like I just think like comedy doesn't have to be dark and it doesn't have to be toxic.
It doesn't have to be hateful.
But it has to be it has to be suspicious of authority.
It has to hate everything that's popular.
It cannot just come out and say this popular things coming out.
But what if this popular thing played peekaboo with me peekaboo?
That can't be comedy.
That cannot be comedy.
There's no way that that just doesn't make any sense to me.
And so and I think I feel like Andy kind of represents like the intersection of those roads where you get some investigation done because he is truly funny.
And it seems like the reason all comics love him and like always kind of trust him and fear him and and why he's never able like like he never shoots up and rings the dumbbell.
You know, like at the carnival where it's like Andy kindler in the WB's just talking about daddy's like like it never gets to that point.
I have a feeling it's because he's too like whether it's it's genetic or unconscious or by choice he's too he's too committed to being funny.
And it won't allow for that.
Like you couldn't put Bill Hicks in this.
There's not a drawer that he goes right into like on TV and stuff like that.
But I oversold him.
So now I'll come on the show and I'll be like he's just going to yell at you guys for being young.
That's what I do too.
There was an amazing show like many many many years ago.
There was all the the the indie comics like mostly San Francisco people.
It was called Hacks Hacks Hacks.
And they all everyone came up and did their favorite hack style of comedy like Dave Anthony came out as the as the as the fat comic who only talked about fatty was like he stuffed his shirt.
His name was Joey sandwiches.
And the immortal and wonderful and passed away sadly.
Warren Thomas is one of the greatest comics of all time.
He did the hack death comedy jam comic and it was fucking magical.
And Andy kindler did the most abstruse one and I think it stole the whole show.
He was the the the logic comic like the comics to do.
And I won't say names.
There's people that still do this.
It's my least favorite kind of stand up work.
There's a guy.
There's a woman.
It lives on my block and every time I get in my car and she's she smells like piss and she knocks on my window and I say to her mom.
That kind of thing when they turn the tables kind of at the end.
So he would he had fake he had like Janeane Garofalo in the audience like planted as a heckler.
You suck.
And he goes Madam Madam.
I don't come down to where you work and knock the painting off the easel when you're creating a delicate masterpiece.
It was only for comments.
God damn it was funny.
There was a woman lives in my house.
She raised my my my siblings and I and she she fed us and she put us through college and one day I said to her mom.
And that and that was in the living room.
Only for comics.
Everybody was shitting their pants.
I worship Andy kindler.
We have to have him on the show.
Yeah.
We'll have a month.
He's also always he's on Twitter and he's you wouldn't think this about him but not an atheist like and he's always getting yelled at by atheists.
And so sometimes I'll like I'll like I'll like jump in like because he's getting like he's like he's like getting drawn into some like like like a weird thing with like atheist kids who are like you're smart.
You shouldn't believe in God and all this stuff and like like like I don't know he's getting these dumb fights with dumb people.
All right.
Ring ting tingling to some sort of exotic animal background.
That was the first time that guy ever laughed in his life.
He never he's like Sam the Eagle at work.
He's like I said do you have those files.
I don't know but I got a dildo and he's like put that away.
You're fired.
And then he's just like walking around and he's just like no I don't see the humor of this.
There's a fire hydrant that's painted red white and blue for Fourth of July.
That's vandalism.
I'm calling the police and then he came here tonight and it was something about the frequencies.
And now he's going to go home and like rip off his tie and dump Angelica Houston who's playing his wife.
Whose father owns his company so it's OK.
I mean a male hero in a movie to like lead to like be free and like leave is like like wife is always has to be like her father owns the company so that he's not like a bad bad guy.
And by the way we're not shaming that laugh we're celebrating how awesome that was.
Of course I mean I everyone should laugh that that that heartily careful.
We used to think rules were that simple.
If we find out someone's doing a fake laugh in here that's just I mean what about that one guy.
Where is he.
That wasn't a fake.
Right there.
You said you said the fake laugh.
No no I'm saying it's not fake.
His true laugh like one week was like the bane of everyone's.
He got he got a little too high and he was just like a laugh.
I love people that snort and snortful.
I like that laugh.
I heard a snort earlier.
Somebody out there does it.
Who does it.
Was it you.
No I wasn't pointing at you.
Well let's she hasn't been here in a couple weeks.
That's bringing out my other half.
Erin McGathy.
Thank you for having me. Thanks for wearing my basketball team's t-shirt.
How's it going playing basketball? Can you guess our record? We've played three
games. You won all the games. I know the record so I won't guess. We are three for
three in spirit and in kindness and we have a mascot we're the only team in
the league that has a mascot but we have not won a game. Look up Willie Roberts
he plays teamwork the unicorn and it's really good. I'm having a difficult time
because you're supposed what could be more supportable than your wife playing a
local sports league. How many games have you been to Dan? I haven't been to any of
them but she comes home from practice and it's like so not only am I not
I'm not supportive enough but now she's coming in like sweating and the headband
and the shoes. I punch a wall when I walk in. And then it's like as always you
know there's a couple Minecraft jokes because I'm always playing Minecraft so
it's like well now you have to step back and look at yourself you're just a
chock. I don't know if that's fair. You're not just like the wife laying
and wait for me to get you know like like love you you're like this
lady coming home and going like yeah I got a three-pointer the fuck why don't
you pick some more. You're strong enough to hug me. Yeah. You're still sitting there
playing that game bro. That game's not gonna get you laid. Is there pussy in that game? Can you craft a pussy?
I mean I believe I said can you craft a deck but it's fine. I didn't mention
you were talking about the trash bin cubbies and you explained my
theory. My shame and I don't think I mentioned this I saw that sign and I
just kept it quiet because I was like oh no they're bad people. I'm stubborn and I
don't want to lose that argument but I saw that and I was like hopefully you
never see that. But obviously those are shitty people. I mean why was it an
argument? Like these guys are bad guys. Because it has to be aggressive about the
Minecraft thing. That's what it is. That's what it comes down to. You didn't want to lose an opportunity to say some people craft things in real life.
And then I would have been like yeah these kinds of people. Because I have this
aching womb that wants you to build things merrily. Like in it? I don't know. Or around it.
I mean I'm joking but I'm joking but I love the reaction that I got. You want him
to craft maybe a baby? Yeah make a baby in me. Make a crib around me.
Make a you show me. We're in trouble. I don't think either of us knows what we're
doing. I would not let anything I cared about sleep and anything you made in
real life. No but I'm saying like we're supposed to build a crib around you.
We can't get out to raise our child. I just want to do it. Like I'm excited
because like the door on the back door could be smaller right? To let the
baby go out and like. Yeah that's how it'll work. But yeah the leases, basketball,
Tuesdays. What was it? What's the big? Because Kate my ex-girlfriend is on the
team. She's great. Her nickname is Squirrel. We all have animal nicknames
because there's a whole mythology about our team. We're from a land of magical
animals that lived peacefully for a very long time. Until one day our our core
animal this unicorn was kidnapped by a dark force. And we were told we would
not get this unicorn back until we could prove that we could live with
compassion and sensitivity and teamwork as a women's basketball team.
That's true. So there's a lot more at stake for us and so far we will never
get our unicorn back because we are over 30. And Erica, a perfect cynical tee-up
for me to say. It sounds like the other teams were practicing their zones. Well
literally the other team is doing that while I had a stump that we were
passing around and smelling. How many do you do people show up to watch the
games? Do you have a lot of followers? Yeah I mean it's hard to say who's a
supporter and who's just taking a break from their game. When's your next game?
We should all go. You all should go. All of your games are always on Tuesday
nights right? They're always on Tuesday nights. I will post an Instagram of our
schedule. Our next game is in North Hollywood and I believe at 9 o'clock
and we're playing a team that I don't know loves Hitler I can't remember. There are
some funny team names. One of them is the Princess Layups. Yeah there's the
Princess Layups. That's very good. Yeah there's the cream of dulce babes. There's
the badunka dunks. The LA Nail Clippers is very good. They're all amazing
team. It's a great it's a it's really it's really fun. It's a really fun thing
to be a part of like all these all these women who like haven't played sports
before. The free throw-ups. They're all super thin so you should see them.
I'm doing great except I was I don't know if I
told you this I was taken out of most of the game that we played on Tuesday
because I hit a girl on the face twice. Why are you cheering that? The same
girl twice. I hit in the face and she was so gracious. Was there a
subconscious rage against this girl? No. No it was coincidental. I mean my limbs
are like I don't know if anybody feels connected to their arms but to me it's
like well I tied some kites to my torso and they'll do what they will. So is it
you were kicked out for fouling out? My coach my coach who I co-host a podcast
with human conversation new podcast so I thought he was we were we recorded a
podcast earlier in the day Wayne Fetterman and I was a little testy towards
him during the podcast so I thought he was taking that out on me because it
happened twice where he said to the bench all right everybody in except Aaron
twice he said that where I was like wait really? Is it before you started
assaulting women in the face? No no no this is this is after because he explained
to me later like no no no they're great at free throws because every time you
hit somebody there's a consequence. That is a life lesson. Yeah it's not just that
it hurts them it's that they can parlay it into points. Finally that's how to get
through to you. And I didn't I didn't mean to do it obviously maybe not
obviously but I didn't mean to do it so he was keeping me out of the game so I
didn't ruin the game for us by hitting people. You struck a nerve when you
talked about your limbs like and your lack of control over them I just I guys
everybody just let's all leave. I married this woman that I I just like I I I I
just... It's gonna be about hand jobs. I know that like like I just like you're so
like... Majestic beautiful graceful. You're so prone to being a magical organic
acts of... What's the word you're looking for Dan? You're you're not allowed to call
women clumsy it's not a... You're like I'm so like I'm so scared like I just
like like because she's really handy and crafty and like loves making things and
like like a great gift for her would be like a table saw but not like I like I
sometimes think like like oh I you know there's like that space under the where
the firewood is there's a little workshop the guy that used to own the the house
before that he used to make airplanes down there it's like oh Erin can have a
little wood shop or she could make bird feeders but I won't I can't do it I can't
I can't I just I live in terror that she's even the even the even the even
the just a regular cabinet door or a just a just a normal day alive like I
just I just live I just I just it's just because I told you about hanging out at
the window to hang the bird feeder it's always it's non-stop you're always like
falling and like like I just like I just so like if I like I if I if I if I if I
just can't I can't say the words out loud it's okay every finger off like I'm
gonna like I'm like I like I I I and I'm not there and then I'm like I kind of
here's the thing every man in my life has had this exact same speech I mean
it's not a joy that makes me feel better you say I mean from my dad to my brother
to ex ex lovers to princes I have heard this speech I do think statistically I
will lose a finger at some point I think like I mean I have to but but hopefully
it won't be until later and when it happens I'll put it on ice and I'll
make it like an afterthought and you'll one day I'll be cutting a cake and you
be like whoa for and I'll say yes I'm about a year ago I was I was making a
bird feeder too quickly no I'll be careful Dan I'll be careful what was the
the scare with a bird feeder oh I I mean the problem is like the combination of
my clutsiness with my impatience and I I thought it wise to hang out of our he
was so upset about that I wanted to hang a bird feeder on a tree that was kind of
near the second-story window and I so it's so I I almost fell out of the window
was the thing I was like holding on to it with like one foot so I could hang a
shit that she tells me about like I'm telling you like like like like shit
when we were first going out like like I was it was like okay like I I'm not this
is the one like I'm not trading it like for anything it's an it like I'm
exhausted but like like you're like you know like you never did it again but
then like there was a time it came home and like the oven was on and I was like
you left the oven on and I I'm like I I just I didn't know that I had this like
thing in me there I'm like oh god she's gonna die she's gonna die but I but I
have like I mean I when I was when I was your age I I was I was like live in my
doors were open windows were open and it was just in a sea of semen and junk mail
and I just I was on the Atkins died so I would like try to charboil burgers one
day I came home I woke up to the smell of burning kitchen and the kitchen wasn't
fire and I put it out and fuck it so if anybody had loved me at that point they'd
be very concerned I promise you'll never find me in a sea of semen and junk
mail don't don't is that a challenge physical challenge physical challenge
so oh hey our friend is here Curtis Armstrong
you're a little you were under the weather last week I was under the
weather nothing would have kept me away other than that I hope that we still
communicate through direct messages on Twitter we haven't graduated you know we
want to take this slowly but I really great about it is I came in here to
publicize one time to publicize King of the Nerds that's why I came here right
initially and then you asked me to come back which I thought was really polite
and and and so I thought I would come back and and then the next thing I knew
it was like I wanted to be here all the time never never leave us Curtis I don't
want to be presumptuous and again overstep the bounds of courtesy or
whatever Dan and I knew each other what do we meet Harmon 94 something like that
at a comedy sports festival in Milwaukee and we must have been two years old and
then you and Schrab and Peter Alberts came to LA and we would threaten to be
friends we would always say we should hang out and we should always talk and
we'd see each other once in a while and we'd always said we're gonna hang out
we're gonna be friends it took us four years or more I mean I don't know it took
a long time let's not let's not only communicate through direct messages on
Twitter no you're right and and it's but I mean it is really a funny thing
because you know I don't want to sound fulsome or anything but the truth is
you've got something which is really nice to come to at the end of a week to
come here and have all these people not a lot of people feel that way so if you
feel that way it's been it's been enjoyable for me so I'm glad to be back
and all that I'm leaving again but I'm where you go back tonight I'm going to
England to visit your daughter I'm gonna go you're gonna go to England but not
visit your daughter if she finds out I was there and didn't look her up she'll
be pissed I just saw still Alice with Julianne more yeah she plays like a
linguistics I know yeah I thought of your daughter I know I know I also thought
of your daughter when I was the phrase thought of your daughter it's cheese you
know but it's like I was gonna ask has she seen that movie at which when I
realized I become my grandmother yeah I don't know what do I get has she took
does she know anybody in that movie yeah all of those yeah the linguistics people
hang out no she hasn't my daughter's studying linguistics that's why we're
talking about that yeah but Julia more has a thing of the first act when she
they're establishing her as a linguist she's giving a speech where she kind of
like covers in a cursory fashion some of that shit that we were talking about
when we first talked about your daughter when I was babbling about
linguistic I know the fact that human beings have like this weird like we
don't we don't we don't speak as a matter of learning it from other people yeah
but but and she touches on that stuff but her character have you guys seen that
movie still house really interesting as it's brutal she saw it there's one
person a plot for enthusiastic like I don't know if I like well whatever
why don't we get it on an alley I mean it's just I mean it's an interesting it's
an interesting thing and and I've I have learned about linguistics as a result of
my daughter I don't even know where she came from I mean this was not where I
thought she was going and then suddenly when a man loves a woman man puts the
penis in the vagina oh yes I know that's that's not linguistics that's
where your daughter came from oh that yes right is your wife do you ever
where has your wife ever had a serious injury you've been with her for all
these she ever had a serious injury like as you ever cut off her finger or a
broken a leg or I don't think so about my health you okay why you have you been
having problems I just got here so I missed I missed what was going on I am
I am naturally clumsy but also tenacious with my handiwork she's very
stubborn and impulsive and she'll decide like I think this hat should be on top
of it that pile of razor blades like it doesn't she never she doesn't like stop
like I thought like like remember when we were in that gay bar and like it was
clear it was so you talking to me yes yes there's this there's this there's
this they don't I have an announcement there was this bar and Hyperion it's close
the act bar I know that place yeah I know that they've got a piano in there and
it's one of those you're talking with the the oh yeah not act bar it was on
Hyperion you should be called the other side which is this great old gay piano
bar now it's called Hyperion public but it was a fantastic place where mostly
like you know like kind of show-fokie gay guys and some women will go in there
and sing show tunes and it's an unrelated satanic
I what do you say I'm so sorry sorry young lady that was horrifying by the
way ma'am can you say can you say pizza with extra pepperoni
oh no where you from I love your accent Switzerland well I'm good and up and I
don't know you say it but I how do you say welcome you're coming
okay say it's been 11 in your most ominous Swiss accent what what would you
call what would you call your accent shitty all right but we were right about
Switzerland right yeah all right so Dan and I are in a gay bar I mean this is
just tea and shit I'm just saying like here's the thing like we're at this like
like like it was a it was a great place it's change ownership now but it was
like it was a great place to drink piano like like you know if you've been in
one of these bars we're like like it's like the gay guys go and they like they
sing it's not karaoke like they got to know their shit they're like competitive
with each other and it's like super supportive and very fun and a lot of
people were really bummed out when it closed down because it was a great place
and it's not a place where you got and I've I've fallen for it like you know
you should go up and sing father figure by George Michael it's like you go up
of like no just like do you have the sheet music I'll pull it up on my phone
and they're like okay do-do-do and I'll be your father figure like yeah sit down
it's not karaoke it's like it's a different thing and so you have to know
the key it's there with Aaron and I had been through that experience and we were
having a good time we're expecting and Aaron's like I'm gonna say I want to sing
another thing and I'm like I'm just letting you know it doesn't work that
way it's never gonna work that way it doesn't work that way it doesn't work
that way it'll be terrible you can't work that way it won't happen that way
it would can't work that way it's like I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it anyway and
and then she just did it anyway I'm tired and then you went up and you try you
sang a dream a little dream it was all horrible it was terrible but I
loved you ten times more but at the moment I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna
love this person for the rest of my life but she like I can't control her she's
good just like it's just like that feeling that terror like our couples
therapists like like like like we're so fucked up like like like like we have to
like like I have to hold her hand and like on the couch like it's called
Sensei one like just like just just hold her hand it's like an exercise like
Dan just focus on holding her hand and I like hold her hand and she's like what
are you thinking about I just burst into tears I'm just like I was thinking I
because what I'm thinking is one of us is gonna die first is what this means
one of us is gonna die first and it's either gonna be her or me which is even
worse
I just like when you when you when you when you real when you're in love when
you like when you love someone like like like that is that is what the meaning
of that whole Campbellian journey is in my mind is it's like like the myth like
you oh you think you own life you think that you you're a native of it like so
you've conjoined with another person well that guess what that means the price
now gets paid and they just like these anxieties just rise up in me I just like
I can't stop thinking of these like these like you just like me coming home
and you're like on the floor and there's like a stump where your hand was and
there's like a half-finished bird feeder and you're like I'm not kidding I'm
not kidding I'm just what do you understand what I'm saying I I mean I
don't want to even go into what you're talking about because it'll get so much
darker when I talk about it I mean it I do completely understand it I've been
going through that for a while because then there's the romantic that yeah sure
there's a romantic notion of oh it's hilarious that's like Game of Thrones
someone's hands cut off I'm like a child I'm like a child conjuring these things
up there are the weeds of guess what life is God cutting off more than your hand
piece by piece until the fucking last crouton he pops in his mouth and goes I
give this shitty planet four stars your pain was delicious I loved every drop of
your little baby fingers of your cancer I love your war and genocide oh I need a
second I don't want to mess up my star shirt I'm God I'm an asexual food
critic for the center of the cosmos that's what God is he's like a
terrible terrible food critic yeah but a great t-shirt dad I promise I will be I
will be more I will be more careful that's why that's why I got to get you
pregnant so that you're just that they then you'll then that's like a that's
like a posted note right you're like about to reach for the razor blades and
like wait a minute a fixable Harmon's in here wait a fixable Harmon you know
it's a yeah come on let's face it yeah come on come on why do you really look
at most furniture it's like it's like a little me but you can be like get over
yourself and he'll be like okay I think that's a very very very telling what if
it's a woman do see in a way to look at what if it was a daughter if it's a
daughter he will never meet her he will never know it'll be a sleeping duty type
situation if Aaron has a daughter let me remove from the hospital I'll be handed
like a bundle of sticks I will raise your laptop with a with a swaddling
clothes around the rather just kidding but the idea of it being a fixable you
is so disgusting and upsetting and funny no very we're doing all of it so funny
and and poignant yeah well have when we have a baby will I'll bring him here and
I'll have everyone in the audience give the baby a gift like sleeping beauty like
and I give the gift and then Adam Goldberg will be the last one and he'll
be like you are 14th birthday you will want to heckle a show but there will be
no show and we should we should we should let's we should bring out DeMorge
and Spencer I can use that space I don't know status move you're not like he
keeps putting his sweatshirt on my table I know what he means what do you mean
this is my show oh I mean it is yeah but it's your when we bring you out it's
your it's your world now you could put like a note saying it's my show on the
table so that I don't put my sweatshirt on I mean yeah I mean it's just you're
right like you don't have to be so vague about it you could be a total bright red
neon sign that says hey fuck you Spencer my show I wouldn't bat an eye you you
could spend you could put a little plastic sand that says Dan like putting
a sweatshirt down it says no I don't I feel like I could I don't have that
authority I Spencer have you ever left a note on somebody's car or door or
anything to lay down the law no I mean one time I left a note to my brother
about laundry but that's like that's the only thing I mean he's like a roommate
kind of or he was at the time when I was living with my are you living alone now
you have a roommate now I live with a roommate named Jackson but I just kind
of implode with conflicts with him you know not going well I know I'm just all
like oh I guess you know he left the front door unlocked I guess I'll just you
know just sit here and stew and then yeah extravert that's what you gotta get
your own place I you know it's all everything's yeah I do you gotta pay
me more no I get enough I just haven't found a found any good places lately I've
been looking DeMorge how about you are you a note-leaver or that kind of like
no I'm a direct contact person I will say to you let's talk and then I'll just
lay it out that's easy as quick as I gotta know my notes or the notes I got a
really complicated okay and a complicated confusing note on my door
yesterday and a giant piece of purple paper and like written in Sharpie and
it was hey I'm gonna watch the fight the Manny Pacquiao Floyd Mayweather fight
and it's gonna be we're gonna be in the garage area signed Terry I don't know
fucking Terry I don't know who Terry is do you know the garage I think come on
by stop by will you welcome come one come all bring what it be a BYOB I think
that what that was it was a neighbor saying you now don't have the right to
complain about my noisy party exactly what it was I thought what that was is
like aliens like that's the equivalent of duck calls like like aliens that don't
know our language they're just like they're imitating certain words and
they're just like leaving a trail of notes like that to like an alien lair
where they just gobble people up so they don't know what they're saying they're
just like free beer they just like they're like amalgamating with their
alien technology free beer Skittles Tony's it's like the equivalent because
when you're going when you're going when we're going duck hunting you see those
guys like what are they saying like to a duck like most of the time to a duck
they're like Larry Skittles dirt fuck fuck fuck enemy enemy Skittles and so the
ducks are like I think that's probably a hunter but then everyone's around they
kind of nail it they're like oh it's Amy oh it's Amy oh it's Amy Amy's over
there she sounds good have you guys ever partied with Larry Skittles or Amy the
duck it's a lot of fun what's it do with this fight
did you ever see that Gary Larson cartoon where the god damn fight I don't
talk about Gary Larson cartoon because I'm terrible terrible my favorite far
sides okay it's just it's just like it's too it's too muggers and then there's
like this guy who's like it's not a guy it's like this like reptile like like
monster with a trench coat on and its tail is coming out the bottom of its
trench coat and it's and it has like this Halloween mask of a human face over
over it and a hat on and it's like clearly like a foreboding terrible monster
and the caption is yes I would like a knuckle sandwich that's great cuz just
like in that fleeting moment like just one image and one caption you're like
this is awesome like yeah all right when I'm not a big boxing fan I don't really
care but a friend of mine had a party just fun to go watch a big thing it's a
big Terry I did not go to Terry's I was I'm almost certain if I show up at
whoever Terry's also it didn't say where the fucking place was it didn't say it
just a Terry I the that person knows I don't know who they are that's just
saying if you hear noise fuck you I left a note when Wanny Pacquiao came out
behind him was Jimmy Kimmel dressed like Run DMC for some reason and he was
behind him like when they come out with the entourage they're coming out behind
him is Jimmy Kimmel is being very good at finding his camera and so he's behind
Manny Pacquiao I'm like I don't know what that is was was Manny Pacquiao on the
Jimmy Kimmel show a lot I don't know we're all in Jimmy Kimmel show at any
given time the cynical part of me said okay that maybe the whatever network he's
on Viacom whatever the fucking thing like they're they have a big stake in
this or that's just Jimmy Kimmel being hilarious that thought that idea goes
out the window when Mayweather comes out and I'm not fucking with you if you
haven't seen this the fucking Burger King guy the scary the king with the fucking
horrifying Burger King mask and he's walking up behind Floyd Mayweather Burger
King and also Floyd Mayweather was dressed like a Persian prostitute from
the 90s he had some weird and Python like was made of snake I think it was
Python wow I think that's really a weird new direction for fights to go with a
Burger King dude is coming out behind me wait for the actual Burger King I mean
no one's the actual Burger King I made it 42 years
sorry sweetie that's alright it's I you know on one hand I had I had the magic
but on the other hand I was obeying a lot of laws that didn't make sense a lot
of which were super unfair to women I like that that whole regime is like don't
give unto a woman the patties that would have more cheese for for a man and
sire the seed under the extra onions it's a lot of cryptic Aramaic shit what
they the the actual Burger King guy like it was a promotion you know the
commercial with a guy has the mask on yeah he's in bed with your wife all the
sudden I just never scared everybody's of death and he's got that weird smiling
visage the Burger King character like the modern ironic I had like Jack in a
box kind of a kind of a roguish kind of charming smile on his face he was he was
walking out behind Floyd money Mayweather who is one of the most
universally unlikable human beings so Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Kimmel is the coke to
Burger King's Pepsi like he was like on the other side yeah so there's just like
two boxers with two corporate sponsors one of which is here's I would like to
live in this universe because Floyd Floyd Mayweather is notoriously a
terrible person well come on he beat his wife give him a break
give him a break it takes a lot of balls I forget he said about some some
comic I forget it was someone I follow on Twitter who are mostly comedians said
rooting for Floyd Mayweather is like rooting for Rocky if he was fighting
Adrian I don't know who wrote that but that was very funny so I would like to
live in a world where Jimmy Kimmel goes hey many pack you like you came on my
show on time it'd be pretty funny if I was dressed like Randy MC and come out
behind you and he was like oh you know get the gold chain because it was right
I feel like that was because and he was there also last night behind Mayweather
Bieber walks out oh Justin Bieber Justin Bieber was there as well
and I feel like that was I feel like that was there might have been Kimmel
saying hey man who do you have behind you let me be the guy behind I hope so
if everybody understands this I can I can fuck off but but what is the purpose
of this like what is that just like oh punch the other person until they like
why why was but why was it such a big deal like what was that what is the
because it seemed like this was like a big like culturally important normally
when boxers are announced they come out and the and they have an entourage with
them they're they're trained but why are they fighting each other so one is for
180 million other one or like what a hundred million they were they made a
hundred and eighty million dollars to fight a guy that he knew he was just on
the fight than other stuff he made he made about boxing in general are you
saying that yeah well I don't I mean I'm not I'm asking less about boxing in
general this this sport and like I said I can totally fuck off but I mean like
this big fight where I see on Drew Barrymore's Instagram she's like it's
fight nine I'm like true what why are we that's I think that's just for these
big events if you live long enough you'll see that happen every eight years I
think eight years okay so it's like eight years so what has to happen for this to
be like these guys are their promoters are both getting very rich or they're
probably have the same promoters boxers number one and then okay just famous
boxers and they're like oh who do we want to get people to buy tickets
for how about the two most famous guys we can think of these pay-per-view the
money is like beyond anything I'm not even sure why I guess because you can't
do pay-per-view football because in I guess what it is is that the sports
leagues they have this whole tournament thing set up so whereas boxing two guys
beating each other up you can arrange one event I ask us half jokingly does it
make you hard I know I've never wait do you play sports now though I mean it's
just sports no but there's sports and then there's like it's just no but with
like sports you don't say like ah we got okay we don't have to kill O'Neill as a
person who doesn't give a shit about any easy question I mean the one the one of
the few that makes sense in big air quotes is like okay let's fucking like
whoa who are we kidding let's say let's stop shooting each other looks the
the weird way that guys can be mean to each other the whole hierarchy that we
live under like like the idea of two of them getting into a ring and literally
being told one of you leaves the other one doesn't yeah there's padding
everywhere and all this stuff and there's all these rules but it's like like I
don't watch boxing I don't watch any sports but if I but but like what the
fuck's the difference between that and the football it's like that you just spread
it out into team play and stuff but what do you mean this is what this is what
guys are always thinking that's like I'm gonna punch your face I'm gonna punch
your face I'm gonna punch your face oh my god Dan you're getting hard right now
I can see oh I mean yeah I think I think I think I think I mean I remember
being a kid and two kids getting in a fight and it's always like I know it's
always what's in the air this is like something that has to be paid attention
to though is like like the idea is like everyone's supposed to be scared of
getting beaten up everyone's supposed to be scared of a like a fist hitting you
in the face that's what that's what guys live under it's like oh I'm a maybe
I'll beat you up maybe I'll beat you up like it's always like unspoken and in
the air these fights just feel like Coliseum stuff but I believe less in
the science when Jimmy Kimmel is wearing a hotdog on his head that's the problem
with the business of boxing as opposed to the sport of boxing that what we saw
last night was right in its execution was I guess both in a way they're
we saw the we saw the execution of the business of boxing the way that played
out all the way through all the way around but in it those guys actually
had the choreographs sort of what they were doing to make that pay off it was
really really odd how in the sixth or seventh round the announcers all
uniformly started criticizing Pacquiao for not fighting as much as he would
have even though Mayweather never came out and tried to attack him Mayweather
ran away the entire fight that whole thing was really I mean I'll believe
well I don't know I think that in that outcome that they had everybody wins in
other words Pacquiao whether Pacquiao where as we have seen we have seen the
business model fail when somebody comes out and does arguably what the what the
greatest boxer in the world should do Mike Dyson would just go literally and
like the other guy just goes down and it's over and everyone goes yeah I want
my money back I guess yeah they do yeah they do so I would believe you and then
this way sort of Mayweather you if you have if Mayweather had lost that fight
everybody who hates him which is almost everybody would have pulled him down and
said well no he's never gonna be amongst the greatest fighters in the world now
that question is still in the air because he won that fight if he wins one
more he says if he wins one more fight he will tie the the greatest record Jake
Lamada's record of 49 and 0 and if he does that he's gonna Lamada fight the
best fought some of the best fighters available in the world Mayweather had
nothing to pick from and when he did have somebody to fight and you want to
know why this was so hyped in such a big deal for five to six years Mayweather
refused to fight him for weird reasons like he opposed not enough burger came
opposed he opposed the type of blood testing because he claimed that he was
afraid of having a needle stuck in his arse of weird shit like this he did and
he made every excuse he could to avoid fighting Pacquiao until now when they're
both five years past the time when they should have one thing's for sure I went
out you asked like does it get you hard what it does is it creates a sea of
violence and there's some statistic of the amount of domestic violence that
happens after major boxing bouts and Super Bowls and stuff yeah I went out
afterwards to the drawing room and it was just there was just a general free
song of just violence in the air not like there was fight starting but
everybody was talking about when I was a kid I'm fucking boom like I got a
buck I everyone's telling stories I would fucking boom um is that what you
said I don't I just said a bunch of gibberish in a row yeah but I like that
I would fucking boom them but there was a I it's like I gotta get out of here
because it was just generally like kind of a weird like hostile testosterone I'm
probably wrong but I feel like I could I could beat Floyd Murray whether I mean
I let's let's all get on the same page I obviously all organized sports
especially including gladiatorial combat between two guys who undoubtedly would
inspire in a normal world like everyone else's like fealty behind like a
possibly subversive army like like all of this shit is exercises in pacifying
jingoism you you get the people that you hear in bars that are just like like
those guys that's all White House burning energy just going down the drain
down the drain into fucking Toys R Us just down into diaper diaper funds
all those guys are like biologically meant to be the guys carrying the
spears at the fronts of like armies that are still settling who gets to sow
their seed across the planet now we have this empire where we're all sitting
or sucking on pacifiers how are we gonna keep these people from from like
going like look I'm not smart I don't get Mr. Show fuck this I've never seen
better off dead I look like like like those guys are fucking either in
prison or they're or they're working on Wall Street and you give them the
occasional basketball game so that they can pound the table and the hot wings
can fly in the air only energy that they'd otherwise used to maybe storm the
castle or just be like hanging out in an alley what else would they do with that
energy politically they have nothing to do but like conspire it's like you
organize sports especially when it's two fucking hulking dudes who are like like
what's what do you what do you respect more than a guy that can beat up another
guy and then to turn them into property to turn them into the lowest of the low
while shining the spotlight on them and collecting money that scatters to the
floor around them as their blood flows they're beating each other and they're
fucking like they live you're getting me hard then I don't want to belittle the
art of beating the shit out of anybody but what you said I mean I know I mean
like I think it's like you're asking like like like well like I don't know I
guess I know your part of me wanted you to know yeah I know this is fucking
stupid no but like I understand I'm not I'm not saying I don't understand like
the art of I mean it doesn't matter but I I took boxing for a while a lot of you
don't know see my instructor is here and he's like I remember when they called
me red and I did um I did it after high school and I did it right before I met
you in Atlanta the boxing and hip got kick kick kick boxing kick boxing and I
did a I held my ears and I did a whole thing well then you know then you know
why boxing's neat all right next topic no but I mean yeah and I'm well yeah we're
moving on and no I'm not no I'm not saying I understand why the sport is important
what I was wondering was why this fight in particular was important and to more
to explain every every every decade there's like a pay-per-view event like
yeah that's that's what it is whatever Jew Barrymore does always yeah always
disappointing to see my friend whatever but I mean like all my friends are jocks
cares everyone loves sports the sports are great suck my dick all right but
didn't you say that you want to get your reason I should do a thing and you
watch the Super Bowl and you dug it like you got of course if you sit me down and
I was like yeah if you get you down and give you a t-shirt I would watch I would
watch all kinds of lady basketball yeah are you gonna go to a game Harmon you
gonna go of course I'm gonna go to a game of a good husband shut up I can't go
this Tuesday I'm doing another thing but I want to come to a game what thing
you're hanging out with your friend Terry right now I'm I'm hosting a show
called lucha bathroom downtown first that already happens I can't go this
Tuesday because I'm speaking in a writers panel at UTA with the creator of
blackish because some people consider me a writer fleet what some people think
that I slam dunk pieces of paper what would some say you punch three holes in
the paper it's good but we only use two for the brads just you know that's a big
question on the writers boards why not three brads have them by them two brads
yeah why the third one is don't use the third brad do you still use Brad yeah
do you ever try an optimum length when you're when you're choosing Brad then
like you have a certain kind of I find that for dramas I use a magnum and then
for comedies like you don't want to you don't understand the feeling that you
wish the script is longer so you use a micro there's no there's no way that
could have paid off Curtis Curtis is gonna go home tonight is gonna be like
you know what honey I don't I don't think I'm going back I don't like it I
spoke too soon I'm glad I kept communicating through Twitter just last
night it was the tipping point I was like we didn't play enough Shadow Run
all right let's we should get to it right should we play some shadow run
everybody okay I you saw a splendid moment from our audience speaking of
sport there's a guy wearing a Mets shirt here and not not you Dave Kline
there's a guy wearing a Mets shirt what's your name Tim he's wearing a Mets shirt
and we said do you want to play some shadow run and he put both fists in the
air yes like that's our sports right that's a shadow run is ours is our is
our gladiatorial arena yeah but I would argue that we're better than athletic
people I think that but isn't the whole point of playing like a like a role
playing game that you get in this fake combat is kind of exercising that same
the same we should all present pretend that we have either a Jimmy Kimmel or a
Burger King man behind us I've got Bieber behind me all the way just in
Bieber I have just like a really big flashlight behind me that's what I'm
imagining I'm really disappointed in the Burger King for backing Mayweather
that's fucked up like I thought a lot better of him man well seriously I
think here's only about spectacle yeah spectacle is money it's true there
would have been how insane would that have been of McDonald's and just back
the other guy that would be with a hamburger like you said that I'm like
well I should have seen that fight that should have been that should have been
an undercard like whoever they did like the other like lesser fighters were
before that the main event there should have been a guy dressed up like Ronald
McDonald the guy dressed like the Burger King like that's good
advertising Colonel Sanders versus Wendy I'd watch it and Burger King has the
whopper as in the whopper as in they hate your wife right there has to be a
moment in a boardroom at McDonald's when they someone says to them and you
can't tell me that they're not aware of this so that this doesn't happen that's
so big that they there has to be a moment when someone says to them Burger King is
is sponsoring Mayweather Maryweather what's his name Mayweather man he would
hit me for implying his name had a marry in it would the the so what do you guys
think and then someone on someone on the McDonald's board of directors has to
say like now I don't think we should do that and then someone someone else goes
like well why not and then he someone has to go because it's too futuristic it's
too off the nose it's Logan's run it's insane it's like what there's gonna be a
burger burger guys fighting no but we'll make so much money yeah but it'll be the
end of the world it has to be Burger King versus Jimmy Kimmel so that we have
to keep eating burgers I think this if it just comes down to like burger guy
versus burger guy everyone's gonna finally find out that we're living in a
fictional universe and there won't be any reason to not run out into the street
and just start flipping over cars as they'll finally see it there'll be a
black guy with one fast-food logo on his head and another guy that they'll be
beating each other up and the fast-food logos will be blinking and there'll be
burgers on the sides of the screen going up and down and and something
will snap in even the most indoctrinated fucking thug and and and the
and and we'll be done for what color is the other guy I am sorry yeah yeah how
come I gotta be black I assume both guys are black but hey I didn't want to
derail the conversation by saying they were our both guys black no Manny Pacquiao
Filipino well that's why it's fucking a big match Jesus why didn't you say so
wait so now you're on that point because there's a race war going on
Manny Pacquiao had that documentary maybe that has something to do with it what's
that I guess well Manny Pacquiao had that documentary but I guess that's there's
a resounding track yo trains right down the street like three blocks yeah Freddie
Roach I went up there one time as our dearly departed friend Sam Simon used
to manage the Crater of Simpsons and all bunch of stuff he managed a heavyweight
fighter named layman Brewster who was a heavyweight champion for like defended
it like two or three times I went there one time with Sam and watched them train
Freddy's there and it was like Francois Botha who's like I think was called the
white buffalo I remember him he was in the ring training and the sound they
made when they're just sparring the guy would block a punch and they hit each
other in the arms and these guys were they were like fucking 250 pounds are
lifting each other up off the ground and moving them a foot and the sound it
makes it so horrifying and Freddie Roach his younger brother who had just got
out of jail I believe he was like he's like Jeff get in the ring put some gloves
on go in there go in there get in there like to steal Chris Rock's joke I said
if I get in that ring down 9-1 fucking horrifying like it's really the god damn
and I'm gonna derail things now the the Mike Tyson documentary did you watch it
yeah I as with the Frank Snatcher documentary it's again it's like okay
wait I'm not gonna say this like Mike Tyson like like he hit women and like
a terrible guy too but however but the other the insane personal side of like
of like like like I don't know just like like the the the just listening to him
talk so like he's in a documentary so there's always that point where someone
cries if it's a good documentary the book is like early on it's like and then
as I that was that point and then the first guy beat the shit out he's like
started crying because it was like he he didn't like he didn't want to ever beat
the shit out of anyone but like fucking did nobody did that's it all feel it all
feel so tragic and no one beats their wives because they're an adjusted great
person but he had like this he had like this mentor who was like discipline of
stuff I don't know it was like it was just like you're watching the documentary
you go god damn it can you just can you just not hit women so that everyone can
like recognize you as this amazing hero because it's like you can't stop this
like bells ringing by the way everyone have Sean penny tight Madonna to a
chair and fucking torture her for two days like fuck you
but it's not it's not just it's not just the fucking barbarians that sorry
we're gonna play shadow run but then this happened that's the thing that's
awful about it because there is a sport behind boxing obviously it's a sport
and it's it's it's a very sophisticated thing but also the people that are in it
don't tend to be the most adjusted non-abusey type people yeah where are you
gonna pull them from Harvard happen to them there's a reason why they hit
people so hard it's pretty amazing when you can pull someone from out of the
out of that environment and discipline them enough to because like it just it
seems like there's so many rules to beating the shit out of another man who
who has also learned how to beat the shit out of another man like that you have
to like you wouldn't you wouldn't imagine any of these people getting into the
ring as being people who were capable of like like showing up at 6 a.m. for like a
practice or something but obviously they have more discipline than than anybody
which is like man I've never worked hard for anything like I always imagine the
guys that beat people up as being the laziest people in the world but but some
people hang on a second you know I'm trying to remember his name now that he
was the world heavyweight champion in the in the 20s where works hard McGinnon
hang on this guy arrow punch and stuff this guy I don't remember his name I
always blank on his name but he was an interesting guy he was the world heavyweight
champion and he was a Shakespearean scholar at the same time he was somebody
who I have a book at home which is a collection of the complete works of
Shakespeare and it was signed by this guy and then the student who owned the
book made a note in it that so-and-so I can't remember his fucking name the
heavyweight champion of the world and you'd know his name immediately if I
could remember it which I can't talked to professors such and such as class on
the Bard in you know on that on this date so this guy was the I mean at the
time the heavyweight champion of the world could also be a Shakespearean
scholar well let's let's all let's all let's all aspire to those days again
what was his name I do gray hitter bean I don't know somebody can look it up
hitter beiner no hitter hitter beam okay all right let's place Jesus Christ
Spencer who are you as our guest recapper for what oh yeah Claire from
Australia oh really we've gone down under and we've gone and you're gonna do
her accent yep we talked on the phone this is how she sounds last time on
shadow rush last time on shadow run shantytown we opened with the gang
inside their van with the rescued youngster jelly dervish and tied up
Arturo Spaguli well discussing the successful mission Eve took the shadow
out of shadow run and revealed too much information about dervish while Arturo
was assertively listening nightblade stayed with Arturo in the van while
the rest of the gang went inside Hank's last stand and came across a saucy
stranger in a magenta suit with a bow slung over his shoulder mercy attempted
to and failed to learn his identity so she gave up and left to take a shit the
gang received thanks and a payment from the Ryan dervish fellow and as well as a
bonus of the shoes off the poor Italians feet meanwhile in the van
Spaguli mentioned tonight blade that their gang has compromised their
anonymity with the security footage and the burger tyrant implying a hit could
follow Jim discussed the risk of rewarding shadow runs and the reason
why good men rationalize why they do bad things and in this world that is a
prison Spaguli is just a pedophile what will the gang's next mission be will
this flamboyant stranger reveal his identity and will Spaguli take his
revenge find out now on shadow run
I missed one week and none of that sounds familiar to me one week and all
of those characters showed up Curtis we basically we accomplished one shadow run
we accomplished one mission so we're kind of like starting from scratch like
if you had been here you'd be like I've been here three weeks and we've we're
still in the car getting comfortable I was getting comfortable all of this is
new to me now what do I do I didn't even hear doctor friend mentioned you were
there when you didn't do much at all you were there when we went back of the
place yeah yeah that was the last so basically like in between there there
was an episode where we I don't think we did much as you were out of town you did
it out of town right there was that all we've done is that we've taken the kid
back to his dad and okay I'm in the car with the mob the mob okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah and we're in a bar and right now that there is a interesting new character
that we don't know anything about who's wearing a magenta and blue suits and it
has a bow and arrow kind of situation on him okay so he seems to be like
somebody we might want to investigate okay sorry so I just couldn't believe we
moved that far ahead we didn't really go that far okay it seemed like it so I walk
up to the bar and get near the fellow in the magenta suit Spencer all right
he's drinking a glass of water quietly I say what's your name oh you know I
don't give that out too easily okay I'm the same way I like your style and I walk
away that happens meanwhile in the car I think Jim nightblade was just climaxing
in an epic rant it wasn't it wasn't my choice to cliff break oh I remember I
remember so so anyway he by himself that's how I he's with me I'm a gangster
I'm tied up that's how it is shit shit man well I think I understand if you want
you know I'm timing so you're not gonna I encourage you to be convincing you're
not good you're gonna forget this happened and nothing's ever gonna happen
yeah man said that's the speed of your response it's reflexive feels like if
you were lying it's like a guy who just wants to get out of the car well okay
you're right run up by me again okay so if you try to pursue this event if you
try to follow up on it if any harm comes to jellyfish or his father jelly
dervish and Ryan dervish it will be repaid upon your family for generations
to come yeah man all right you know what I don't believe you I'm gonna shoot him
this shatter and brought to you by Burger King I don't I'm sorry Curtis this
isn't me this is a character it's alright I'm shooting him I'm shooting him in the
head you shoot him right in the head he doesn't even have time to react your
robot-like arm reflexes are so reflexive he doesn't even have time to breathe
out it's an interesting trait for an assassin
can I use my smart link yeah okay I use my smart link to to contact everybody
oh that's the calm link but yeah sorry real smart I use my calm link everyone
can we meet by the can we meet by the can we meet by the truck to regroup we're
on the bar right now everybody but nightblade all right let's meet in the
bar I'm here too I'm staring at you I'm saying this nightblade can you can you
meet us in here we don't know what you're doing yeah I just got to clean up the
uber all right I get on the comic and say at nightblade what's happening you
coming with what's going down some cups and fries and stuff we're gonna pick up
the uber that's not normally your style to tidy up an uber normally you just
kind of leave the uber as is there an uber driver's a robot it's a robot yeah
but is there surveillance in the uber uber is a pretty private company they
don't you know they don't work with police if you said one back with a
dead body in it I mean I don't think that's a fair question to ask the
dungeon master I don't know I think that I'm a criminal yeah no you don't just
send bodies I mean you you don't just yeah you take care of bodies all right
I drag the body out of the uber I'm at a radio to them like I'm almost there I
just get this and we we left them rappers just there's there's charges I'm like
drag the body out and I I find like a dumpster okay you find a dumpster near
Hank's last stand that throw the body in there mm-hmm okay and all right I go to
join them that happens you enter there's a there's a purple suited man with a
bow other than that there's just Teddy and the dervishes I woke up the night
blade I go you what why why is there blood spatter on your face right now
I said the Spaguli is you know did you did you do Spaguli did you take him out
he's not he's he agrees that the mission is over the mission of breathing there
won't be anything to talk about anymore about it's like the mission's over we
went on it and it's done okay what have you done hodogard knows the answer to
this and all other details in between he rolls his eyes then activates his mind
probe and directs it toward the young man who's sitting with the magenta suit
to see if there's some sort of information that he can draw from him
all right you start doing then the man starts screaming in agony he leaps to his
feet and pulls his bow and starts pointing it wildly you're getting you're
getting flashes of pain and and darkness and loneliness and grim work being done
I jump up and using my charisma and composure I say to the man who's wildly
pointing his bow hey hey what are you drinking he goes ah I'm being mind probed
and it hurts like hell this is the worst I'm gonna start and he starts
losing calm down he starts losing arrows every which way I stopped the mind probe
all right three arrows bury themselves in the ceiling it seems that the mind
probe at a through off his aim or maybe he's a poor aim I saddle up next to him
using my charisma hey sharp shooter what what's your name not really in the mood
to talk I get it I get it I get it I'll have I'll have what he's having Hank
brings you all water cool cool level transparent I get it hey obviously you
just had a freak out I get that I've freaked out before what's that what's
going on with you just I'm just a connoisseur of stories what's your deal
and I think that guy just tried to read my thoughts I should I'm not always
subtle that fucking sucks what do you what do you think he got with nothing
probably I don't know maybe my childhood I go in the calm link and I say to
mercy like mercy like we were kind of out of a job right now maybe this guy
like find out if he has something he wants us to do all right childhood the
worst why do we have um you look um look you're you look like you're somebody
who wants something and I'm somebody who gives things what's your what's going
on with you like I'm not on the up and up neither of my friends do you have any
VDs then then dead as she's she's not our face man for nothing you guys yeah but
I don't I don't talk about business at the bar I get that personal rule yeah I
understand that there's a big office sorry I'm going to the bathroom I'm going
to the bathroom will you take a walk with me no I'm actually here to meet a
friend cool cool cool yeah me too I like to your tour tour four friends you
smell I'm sorry to say this you smell dangerous what this is so embarrassing
but what might what might I be smelling what is that smell what is that dangerous
smell danger oh my god danger I'm playing I'm I'm playing with a button on the
top of my shirt oh no you're gonna be one of these guys I know you're one of
these guys I I have a really hard time talking to you guys who I know are
really physically impressive and who are you I'm I'm meeting somebody I'm
meeting somebody too who are you who are you meeting are you meeting an old
friend an old friend me too let's can we play a game really fast I don't play
games what if I told you I was a game I wouldn't
what if I told you I was a game with a reward I don't play games alright what
if I gave you the rule book that's hot that's hot gently I woke up Spencer
what's the bartender's name Hank Hank I woke up to Hank it's a Hank is there a
mr. Johnson that we can meet as we're kind of out of a job right now I don't
know man you gotta talk Ted about that okay was Ted in the house oh yeah he's
talking to jelly all right yeah okay I walk over to Ted to Ted and jelly and
sit down next to them say mercy our usual face man is apparently a prostitute
now not sure what's going on precisely but did you had you have any gigs for
us I mean I wanted to talk to you guys about video surveillance seems that again
on on your last mission you left a bunch of security cameras it's just it's no
good I mean my clients can't have you know personal data is leaking out they
can't be tied back to these things it's no problem I mean I understand you got
your strengths you got your weaknesses but that's why I called in some help
uh-oh he's a he's a techno man sir and his name is Hackeye
yeah are you referring to the guy with the bow yeah he's he's over there he's
gonna be helping you out with the technological side of things so I already
had him I didn't have to do all this I could have just asked I guess I don't
know I don't know what you're talking about so you said look I'm the first
one to agree that on the technological side we're not that savvy so this guy
over there at the bar is that the guy you're talking about yeah that's him
he's a he's a pretty renowned hacker around these parts he's a he's a good
friend of mine he knew cool Dennis and we can trust this guy yeah using the
power to analyze truth I analyze what the hell that was that just came out of
your mouth it was it was confusion because we're talking about you know
hired murderers and criminals trust is I mean I don't know it's a it's a it's a
perilous concept in this kind of world so do you have a job for us and if you
do you're saying that we have to bring along this weirdo at the bar I'm not
saying anything I'm saying if you want you know if you want him to go on runs
with you you can he can he can stay here if you just need someone to delete
security footage he could do that I mean yeah we look to be truth be told we
did kind of leave a messy trail behind us on that that's okay okay so do you
have it do you have a job for us yeah I actually got someone on the horn right
now you know those guys that hired you to get that Baldwin guy they loved your
work so much they want to hire you again oh yeah what's the job I'll let him tell
you are you guys ready I think we should bring Mercy over for this because she's
our face person yeah you you look over and at this point I'm just taking the
water and just pouring it on my face and then I overhear you and I'm like
excuse me and I you're gross and I walk away okay late on Ted he flips on the
screen and you see you see a black avatar of a shadowy businessman figure it
goes I see you've done some work in the past for our company and we are very
grateful you see you helped us with a recent acquisition and we need some
help finding some of that acquisitions former possessions sir if you need to
take a moment to breathe take all the time you need that is very rude can you
be more specific what do you mean acquisitions and what nuts oh we recently
took on a new hire that you helped procure for us and he left some of his
prior work at a former employer now we hope to receive some of that work but
is made it hard for us and he's hit it away are you talking about BTL chips from
Baldwin we're talking about research in that department something along those
lines we don't know exactly what the research is but we know it's valuable
these are digital files perhaps that you are seeking yes so usually go
somewhere against them files yes I would like that very much all right do you
do you have any other pertinent information location I do have both of
those things mind plus limited it is a small bio where clinic specializing in
brain stuffs they operate a small clinic in the burbs there is the paydata it's
kept under lock and key very strict security they've got vibration sensors
cameras and guards oh my so some of this material is organic oh yes the bio
wears for brain enhancements what is the security system like a brain brain
limited plus clinic I don't know everything but I know they've got
vibration sensors cameras and guards hey you know it seems like I pulled up I
pull our team do we have a team name have we come up with a team name we're the
scooter links right the scooter links we're called Los fuckups I pulled the
team aside and say okay like this sounds pretty technological I think we
might need a technomancer I'm gonna bring that asshole the with the bow what
that's right why not bring him he seems he seems fascinating I mean what's the
worst-case scenario we live our lives and don't meet new people that techno
man's with bows and arrows and whatnot I'm still a bit worried about this old
friend sorry what the old friend that he's waiting to meet oh yeah cuz the
technomancer is is waiting for a friend oh but yeah we all have back story all
right you ever asked me about mine so so it's a ton of fucking insane overhead
just murdered a guy in a car what's the Ted what's the name of the guy that
what's who's our who's our it how am I not interesting why aren't people like
read my mind because I'm not sitting in a corner with a fucking bow is right do
we have all the information for this for this for this job I'm gonna fucking
explode you can always find more information using the sort of maps
that I have in my head and using relevant information name of the look of
the actual upper building everything indicates the location is this is the
map that I'm using in my head near the beach oh wait near the beach but I have
a speed and I have a specific route to this oh yeah okay so I know where it is
I know how to get this there and what we're specifically looking to get certain
files yes the research belonging to the former employee Baldwin Brown Baldwin
Brown okay was named beyond them or we're gonna take all the files you know
whatever works how did we all how did we all meet I walk over I walk over to the
to the guy that won't tell me his name and I I sidle up next to him and I say
bartender I want a water and he okay I got a water and I toast the guys I
know it's bad luck to toast water but you into making some some some easy money
oh yeah well you strike me as maybe kind of guy that maybe knows a little bit
about technology I do yeah what you my name's Eve what's your name I know you
didn't like telling name but I gave you mine they call me hack I oh hack I it's
the worst it's the worst it's your last name is your last name Pierce I don't
have a last name okay we got a job we're gonna have to thank you Curtis sorry my
match references only made Curtis laugh I say we're gonna have to we need a guy
like you that's a techno man to help us out in this job but up first as is our
policy we got to take you up back and kind of jump you in jump you in we're
gonna jump you in oh the night plays gonna jump you in I mean I don't do the
jumping in our friend night blade this the jumping we all jump them in that's
the Vita Loka okay it's not like a pack I it's not a personal thing but we just
got to make sure that you're that you're legit you gotta jump you in you can
handle yourself I gotta jump you in you're a jump you're ready to get jumped
in yeah yeah you like getting jumped in oh my god yeah yeah let's go and back
let's jump this guy in all right cliffhanger the weirdest cliffhangers
thank you everybody
I'm Jeff Davis and your mayor of course of Mr. Dan Harmon once again brought to
us by Burger King do it your way Burger King
did you get any of that? It's a Gouda show!